how did viewing a diff between two files help you see the bug that was introduced?

answer:
using the diff command (or CF, in command line) helps you to pinpoint 
changes that occur between the first file and second file
you can pass any two files as arguments for comparison
diff goes through the files line by line
and when each line is compared, it will return whether the line was
added or subtracted relative to the original version

how could having acces to the whole version history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

by having access to the entire history of a file
you can easily compare outcomes to see if your new code is a real improvement
you can easily troublshoot code by tracing back to when issues started
you can avoid wasting time by trying things you already did once
you can easily try different things without losing your place and pick the one htat works the best
you can safely have a working version to revert to if your current edits break the code

what are the pros and cons of manual commits versus autosave?

pros
more control
don't have many useless versions
can be linked to logical/intuitive updates
should always build

cons
open to user error
...that's really it.

Why do you think some VCS like git allow saving multiple files in one commit while others keep it separate?

files may be related
this allows you to have a snapshot of a working project at a point in time
in a separate system like google docs, files are certainly not related

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log will display a full history of commits with IDs

by using git diff, you can compare two of these commits
comparison will highlight LOC that were added or deleted

How might version control make you more confident about making changes that might break something?

With version control, you can always go back to a point where things work!
it also alows you to easily compare and troubleshoot
not eyeballing hundreds of LOC!

How do you want to use git?

I would like to try using it for my Software Development Processes 
Class to share developing projects with my grouplates